The first step is to download
and run the script found on the
GitHub repository. Once the
script is downloaded, run bash
get docker.sh to run the script
to start Docker installation. It
will ask for your sudo password
to make sure that you're at the
root and then it will install
Docker.
Once installed you'll receive
the confirmation message. By
default, Docker can only run as
the root user. For best
practices, we should allow
Docker to be run by a non root
user, so you should copy and
paste the code to create a
Docker group. Next copy paste
the line of code to add your
user to the Docker group.
To initiate those changes, you
can either log out and log back
in or you can activate them
within this terminal by copying
and pasting the "newgrp docker"
line of code you can find in the
repository. Now you're added to
the Docker group, you can run
Docker, which will confirm that
it's been installed accurately.